sdpsol - a parser/solver for semidefinite programming and determinant
         maximization problems with matrix structure.
This package includes executable sdpsol files which can be used on UNIX
systems, sdpsol.m which invokes sdpsol from within Matlab, example sdpsol
source files and documentation.

BETA version, May 1996
Please be sure to check for updated versions via anonymous ftp to 
isl.stanford.edu, in pub/boyd/maxdet, or via
http://www-isl.stanford.edu/~boyd/group_index.html. We expect to have
sdpsol, version 1.0 released later this year. 

COPYRIGHT (c) 1996 Shao-Po Wu and Stephen Boyd
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for 
any purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire 
notice is included in all copies of any software which is or includes
a copy or modification of this software and in all copies of the 
supporting documentation for such software.
This software is being provided "as is", without any express or 
implied warranty.  In particular, the authors do not make any
representation or warranty of any kind concerning the merchantability
of this software or its fitness for any particular purpose.

CONTENTS:
- usrguide.ps.Z    postscript user guide
- examples.tar.Z   tar file with many example problems
- sdpsol.dec.Z     executable for DECstations 5000 (ULTRIX 4.3a)
- sdpsol.sun.Z     executable for SUN4 and Sparcstations (SUNOS 4.1.3)
- sdpsol.linux.Z   executable for PC running LINUX
- sdpsol.hp.Z      executable for HP workstations (HPUX 9.0)
- sdpsol.m         Matlab script which invokes sdpsol from within Matlab

Many thanks to Prof. Hans D. Mittelmann of Dept. of Mathematics, 
Arizona State University (mittelmann@asu.edu), for helping us compiling
sdpsol on SGI machines (binaries can also be obtained via
ftp://plato.la.asu.edu/pub/other_software): 

- sdpsol.sgi.Z     executable for SGI


TO INSTALL THE PACKAGE:
Get usrguide.ps.Z, examples.tar.Z, and the appropriate binary file 
(dec or sun).  Remember to set binary mode in ftp.
You can uncompress the files with uncompress or zcat.
Rename sdpsol.XXX (XXX depends on your platform, could be sun or dec) to
sdpsol and make sure its permissions mode is set to executable (chmod 755
sdpsol).

RELEASE NOTES:
  1. Several bugs of sdpsol version alpha have been fixed in this version.
  2. This version is NOT TOTALLY backward compatible with version alpha;
     however, the changes are minor. Please refer to the user guide for new
     features and modifications.


The documentation and the code are still under development. Please do 
not hesitate to send e-mail to clive@isl.stanford.edu,
or boyd@isl.stanford.edu with your comments or questions.

Shao-Po Wu and Stephen Boyd

May 1996
Stanford CA
